Do you really have a way?
Chu Chu
I tied him up, really?
It's true. It's true.
Wait a minute, let me take a call
Hello
Ah ok ok I got it
OK
Chu Chu, go on
Su Wanqing is in my hands now, right?
Hmm, that's really great.
But you are a little girl
Are you kidding?
I'm not the only one, Water Prince Set
He called two gangsters to kidnap him
Oops, he just wants money, right?
He just wants your money.
Oh, Chuchu, oh, oh.
How cute and silly you are!
Are you being used by the prince?
He's just trying to blackmail me
Ask you to be the liaison
Then look for two robbers outside
At that time, the east window happened, and they ran away
You just oops
Hard to say
This prince soup is really chicken thief
Chu Chu, I have a way
How?
Come on, Omori
You hand Su Wanqing over to me
I drove him directly to the police station
Brother Hum Zhi
Bitch, but I'm afraid of revenge, right?
Well, this robbery and kidnapping charge is not small.
During this period
Have you never met Su Wanqing?
No, he's never seen you.
Wait until he goes directly to the police station
Let them die
When everyone who should be in the police station is in the police station
Then I will do my best to protect you.
Chu Chu
Can't we be together forever?
Omori, don't be in a hurry to move
Then I'll tell you the plan tonight.
We cooperate with each other
Okay, Omori